Miss 4
My surname is Lin
Invite me to draw this sum in the future, sir
divorce
This is the divorce agreement
You see if there is no problem.
Please sign
Well, do you still need to sign the divorce agreement?
I have never been divorced
I don't quite understand, take a closer look first
It's okay for a woman to be funny
That kid in Beijing is really afraid to look at his emotions
Married to such a beautiful woman
He was even willing to leave her and beg for it alone
There we go.
Let other men relieve their hearts
The heart pays the man 10 million for mental damage
Married for a year and a half
I've never met or had any trouble with him
Even if you get divorced, you should get together and break up
I didn't expect him to speak out
Lawyer Lin
What's up with the 10 million in mental damages?
Miss Si, what have you done?
You should know best
This woman should be a master of love
All caught in bed
He can still look the same today.
What did I do?
What about some things?
We know it.
If you have to play dumb
Then don't blame me for being rude.
What about this theory study book?
You have to sign
I just won't sign
What can you do to me?
I suggest you sign it anyway
Anything is easy to say
Ms. Lin, could you please tell me?
If he really wants a divorce
Then let's make an appointment.
Just go to the Civil Affairs Bureau and get the certificate.
If he's trying to scam me out of money
Sorry about that.
He doesn't even think about it.